Clarified first slices paragraph (#3363)
rust-lang/book: src/ch04-03-slices.md

## The Slice Type

> *Slices* are a kind of reference, which lets you access a contiguous sub-sequence
> of elements in a sequential [collection](ch08-00-common-collections.md).
> Because slices are a kind of reference, they too can borrow access to memory, but
> not own it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Slices* let you reference a contiguous sequence of elements in a
[collection]((ch08-00-common-collections.md)) rather than the whole collection.
A slice is a kind of reference, so it does not have ownership.
```
